README.md, before:

microG Services
=======
[![Build status](https://github.com/microg/GmsCore/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/microg/GmsCore/actions/workflows/build.yml)

microG Services is a FLOSS (Free/Libre Open Source Software) framework to allow applications designed for Google Play Services to run on systems, where Play Services is not available.

### Please refer to the [wiki](https://github.com/microg/GmsCore/wiki) for downloads and instructions

About this fork
-------
This repository is a fork of [microG GmsCore](https://github.com/microg/GmsCore) to allow patched Google apps to run without root and under a different package name using GmsCore instead of Google Play Services, via the "GmsCore support" patch by ReVanced from [ReVanced Patches](https://github.com/revanced/revanced-patches) with the minimum amount of changes necessary to upstream.

Goals of this fork:
- Run next to an existing GMS installation such as [microG GmsCore](https://github.com/microg/GmsCore) or Google Play Services.
- Usage with the "GmsCore support" patch by ReVanced from [ReVanced Patches](https://github.com/revanced/revanced-patches)
- Feature parity with upstream

Nongoals of this fork:
- New features that do not contribute to the goal of this fork
- Bug fixes that do not contribute to the goal of this fork

Contributing to the fork
-------
You can create an issue or pull request to contribute to the fork. In both cases, ensure it aligns with this fork's goals.

License
-------
    Copyright 2013-2024 microG Project Team

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

feat: Add support for retrieving the Master Tokens * Added support for enabling users to copy aas_et tokens, aka, Google Master Tokens * Requires user authentication upon entering for retrieval.

README.md, after:

microG Services

## Fork of Revanced GmsCore

This is a fork of Revanced GmsCore, which is a fork of microG GmsCore. The goal of this fork is to allow an authenticated user to retrieve his own master token (`aas_et` tokens) from the device. This is useful for applications that require the master token to authenticate the user.


[![Build status](https://github.com/microg/GmsCore/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/microg/GmsCore/actions/workflows/build.yml)

microG Services is a FLOSS (Free/Libre Open Source Software) framework to allow applications designed for Google Play Services to run on systems, where Play Services is not available.

### Please refer to the [wiki](https://github.com/microg/GmsCore/wiki) for downloads and instructions

About this fork
-------
This repository is a fork of [microG GmsCore](https://github.com/microg/GmsCore) to allow patched Google apps to run without root and under a different package name using GmsCore instead of Google Play Services, via the "GmsCore support" patch by ReVanced from [ReVanced Patches](https://github.com/revanced/revanced-patches) with the minimum amount of changes necessary to upstream.

Goals of this fork:
- Run next to an existing GMS installation such as [microG GmsCore](https://github.com/microg/GmsCore) or Google Play Services.
- Usage with the "GmsCore support" patch by ReVanced from [ReVanced Patches](https://github.com/revanced/revanced-patches)
- Feature parity with upstream

Nongoals of this fork:
- New features that do not contribute to the goal of this fork
- Bug fixes that do not contribute to the goal of this fork

Contributing to the fork
-------
You can create an issue or pull request to contribute to the fork. In both cases, ensure it aligns with this fork's goals.

License
-------
    Copyright 2013-2024 microG Project Team

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
